Update treasuredata.md (#7556)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/cohort_import/treasuredata.md

![Treasure Data Integrations Hub Catalog]({% image_buster /assets/img/treasure_data/cohort/cohort2.png %}) 

### Step 3: Define your cohort Audience

> Cohorts can be synced to Braze through an **Activation** in the **Audience Studio** or through executing a **Query** in the **Data Workbench**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cohorts can be synced to Braze through an **Activation** in the **Audience Studio** or through executing a **Query** in the **Data Workbench**.
```

> Cohorts can be synced to Braze through an **Activation** in the **Audience Studio** or through executing a **Query** in the **Data Workbench**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync your cohorts to Braze through an activation in the **Audience Studio** or by executing a query in the **Data Workbench**.
```

{% alert important %}

> Only users who already exist within Braze will be added or removed from a Cohort. Cohort Import **will not** create new users in Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only users who already exist within Braze will be added or removed from a cohort. Cohort Import will not create new users in Braze.
```

![Treasure Data Integrations Hub Catalog]({% image_buster /assets/img/treasure_data/cohort/cohort5.png %}) 

| Export Result Mapping |	Description	| 
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Cohort ID	| This is the backend cohort identifier that will be sent to Braze. 	|

> | Cohort Name (Optional)	| This is the name that will appear within the Cohort Filter in Braze's Segmentation tool. If this is not set, the **Cohort ID** will be used as the **Cohort Name**	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cohort Name (Optional)	| This is the name that will appear within the Cohort Filter in the Braze Segmentation tool. If this is not set, the `Cohort ID` will be used as the `Cohort Name`.	|
```

> | Operation	| Used to determine whether the query should add or remove profiles from the Cohort in Braze	| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Operation	| Used to determine whether the query should add or remove profiles from the cohort in Braze.	| 
```

> | Aliases (Optional) | When defined, the name of the corresponding column within your Query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`	| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aliases (Optional) | When defined, the name of the corresponding column within your Query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`	| 
```
```suggestion
| Aliases (Optional) | When defined, the name of the corresponding column within your query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`.	| 
```

> | Thread Count | Number of concurrent API calls |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Thread Count | Number of concurrent API calls. |
```

Follow [Treasure Data's steps](https://docs.treasuredata.com/articles/#!int/braze-cohort-export-integration/a/ExportIntegrationTemplate-SpecifytheResultExportTarget) for configuring your export to meet your use case.

### Step 5: Execute the query

Save the query with a name and run, or just run the query. Upon successful completion of the query, the query result is automatically exported to Braze.

{% endtab %}
{% tab Audience Studio %}
### Step 3: Create an activation

Create a new Segment or choose an existing Segment to sync to Braze as a Cohort. Within the Segment, choose **Create activation**

#### Activation Details

![Treasure Data Integrations Activation Details]({% image_buster /assets/img/treasure_data/cohort/cohort7.png %}) 

| Activation Detail Setting |	Description	| 
| ----------- | ----------- |

> | Activation Name	| The name of your Activation	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Activation Name	| The name of your activation.	|
```

> | Activation Description| A brief description of the Activation	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Activation Description| A brief description of the activation.	|
```

> | Authentication	| Choose the Braze Cohort authentication created in Step 2	| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Authentication	| Choose the Braze cohort authentication created in step 2.	| 
```

| Cohort ID	| This is the backend cohort identifier that will be sent to Braze. 	|

> | Cohort Name (Optional)	| This is the name that will appear within the Cohort Filter in Braze's Segmentation tool. If this is not set, the **Cohort ID** will be used as the **Cohort Name**	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cohort Name (Optional)	| This is the name that will appear within the Cohort Filter in the Braze Segmentation tool. If this is not set, the `Cohort ID` will be used as the `Cohort Name`.	|
```

> | Operation	| Used to determine whether the query should add or remove profiles from the Cohort in Braze	| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Operation	| Used to determine whether the query should add or remove profiles from the cohort in Braze.	| 
```

> | Aliases (Optional) | When defined, the name of the corresponding column within your Query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`	| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Aliases (Optional) | When defined, the name of the corresponding column within your query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`.	| 
```

> | Thread Count | Number of concurrent API calls |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Thread Count | Number of concurrent API calls. |
```

#### Activation Output Mapping

![Treasure Data Integrations Activation Output Mapping]({% image_buster /assets/img/treasure_data/cohort/cohort6.png %}) 

| Activation Output Mapping |	Description	| 
| ----------- | ----------- |

> | Attribute Columns	| Determine the Columns from your Segment Database that will be mapped as Identifiers when syncing profiles to a Braze Cohort.	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Attribute Columns	| Determine the columns from your Segment database that will be mapped as identifiers when syncing profiles to a Braze cohort.	|
```

> | String Builder| The String Builder is not necessary for this integration.	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| String Builder| The string builder is not necessary for the Braze integration.	|
```

{% alert important %}

>  - When using `device_id` as the identifier the **Output Column Name** must be named `device_ids`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - When using `device_id` as the identifier, the **Output Column Name** must be named `device_ids`.
```

>  - When using aliases as the identifier, the **Output Column Name** must be the name of the corresponding column within your Query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - When using aliases as the identifier, the **Output Column Name** must be the name of the corresponding column within your query will be sent as the `alias_label`, and the values of each row in the column will be sent as the `alias_name`.
```

 - When using `external_id` as the identifier the **Output Column Name** must be named `user_ids`
{% endalert %}

All non-relevant or misnamed column names will be ignored. You may choose to use more than one identifier in your syncs.

#### Activation Schedule

> Define your desired sync schedule and save your Activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define your desired sync schedule and save your activation.
```
